<h2>Reading Response</h2>
The five important considerations for wireframing: clarification of the problem, workflows and sketches, constant and early feedback, familiarity of tools, and a thorough study on audience are not new to me. I have learned similar tips for design process from class like Ideation & Prototyping and other IDM projects. The importance of these five elements, however, are emphasized in every instance. According to the article and also from my very own experience, they effectively assist designers to focus on the main course throughout the project and develop solution in the lowest possible risk.
<br>
A quote in the article that I found really important says that "before you start planing a solution, know the problem." UX designers are so much like doctors. Doctors cannnot prescribe the correct medicine without identifying the illness and the cause of the illness and knowing the health history of their patients. Same thing goes with UX designers; without a comprehensive understanding of the problem and research on its target audience, they will wind up spending time, money and efforts on treatment that doesn't even solve the problem. Therefore, defining the issue is the foremost task in design.
<br>
However, defining a problem is not easy and should never be done alone. Design is teamwork, involving communication between creators and users. Users' feedback is so important that it should be included in every stage of iteration in order to prevent designers from deviating to the wrong path, which could cost unnecessary investment. 
<br>
My current collaboration with a sound designer on an animation project exemplifies such design process. Before my sound designer started anything, he made sure that he understand what emotion and expression I want from the music. Instead of producing a full soundtrack right at the beginning, he made a short prelim version (a minimun viable product made with least effort but includes all basic elements) for my feedback. Getting my comments in such early stage saved him from producing thing that I might not like, which actually happened. He wound up scratching over the prelim but fortunately, it was just a 10-second music. 
<br>
In conclusion, these five components of wireframing provide designers confidence and assure them "safety" as they venture to higher fidelity product. We as designers should make note of them, always. 

